Just a piece of firewood
How is that possible?
He is obviously the real Long Shuai
Feng Shao said that the token is fake
What else do you have to say?
Tiger God, you wimp is quite scheming
Impersonating Long Shuai is also a heinous crime
Token making experience
How old are you?
What are you waiting for?
They pretend to be slaves and forge fake tokens
Quickly call them Dingzheng Fa
Why do you say this token is fake?
You are really addicted to counterfeiting
Zhenbei Army's token
Upper Xuanwu Lower Vermilion Bird
According to the patron saint of the building
But your token hum
There is a blue dragon on it.
It's not fake.
This is something that doesn't help
I don't even know the special token of Honshuai
Sick Cool Run
You don't even know what your token looks like?
Also make a fake
Hahahahahaha
Hahaha
This is Beijing's token.
You are eligible to have access to
Never say it's true
So what if it's fake?
Just because you can solve it
Not a match for this handsome
Lord, you don't think I'm not ready
Captain Zhou
Come on, I'll take this fake Long Shuai guy
Arrested in the Law Enforcement Hall
The trial is
Since it is the recruitment captain of the law enforcement brigade
Unexpectedly, Feng Chao even invited him
It's finished storing this time, coquettish
Wait what else to say
I think you are the law enforcement captain and don't want to persuade you to believe it
In 3 minutes, I will ask the dragon girl to go in person
Are you a dragon shadow?
It is to question one person above all others
Known as the bully of Lord Long Shuai
Love Lord Long Yin
In your previous life, you were Captain Zhou
Chu Chen found someone to pretend to be longan before
Don't be deceived by him
I have seen Lord Longan
True or false self-destruction
It only takes 3 minutes.
I can prove that what I say is true or false
What if the Dragon Lady doesn't come in three minutes?
Kill or rush
Qi Tian Zongdi
Hahaha, if you invite the farmer
I just lay on the ground and learn to bark
In addition to learning to bark
Kneel down again and lick your shoes clean